Okay took me awhile to write this one but here it is,
My argument was the other straw hats would not care about whether someone can contribute to the group or not. You replied with,"There are literally thousands of times when chopper, nami, and usopp cried and had a fit because of their weaknesses" in response to my comment, "I don’t expect all of em to fight. I just like good crew dynamics."
So the core of the argument is the I said the straw hats would not care about that, your reply was yes the people that are weak would care about that and do not blame it on to the fans.
Therefore, we can clearly see our point of argument do not align. But I can make assumptions that when I said straw hats would not care you considered that I am also taking about themselves as well. Which is a valid point since they are straw hats too. So let us delve deeper into the argument.

First, I would like to state that I do agree with your claim that the member who cannot contribute would care about that. So you are right that they would want to help and see luffy being the pirate king. I would like to add some references to your claim. Let’s go back to the first example of this Usopp fighting against the fishmen person from Arlong Park. Nami fighting miss double finger. Now in both cases they beat their opponents but they felt frustrated when they couldn’t do anything which bring us to the tipping point of my argument which is, the Water 7. In ennies lobby usopp left because we already went through this conflict with merry. Because they were abandoning merry usopp felt like he would be next and his insecurities showed up. There also other factors going to that outburst but I don’t think that is part of this argument like, he feels guilty and he is the one fixing merry all the time and saw her spirit.
And there other instances but you get the point. This all support your claim. 

My Argument was The straw hats wouldn’t care. And here are my references, Ennies lobby, we already seen the straw hats dont mind picking off from other straw hats. if they cant do it. they are fine to just help her. we already went through this whole problem in Wano and in Ennies lobby. so yeah I don’t believe they would mind if any of them show any signs of weakness. 

Now another point of argument is that I clearly blamed it onto fans expectations of everyone having to perform at a certain level to be a strawhat. And now it wouldn’t be fair for me to just dismiss that expectation without providing some credentials. Expectations are born from somewhere. So I will argue in their stead that after sabody. It is kind expected of them perform a certain level because they were weak and had to take a break to get stronger.

Now I would argue that not everyone they are up against is that strong either. Consider the yonkous crew we have seen so far. I would argue that not all of members are strong that strong. And you will say you are wrong nobody cares about the weaklings but i would argue that the weaklings are the biggest nuisance when you are fighting. Take two examples, Whole cake island and Onigashima Raid. You know how luffy got stabbed by katakuris spear at that arc. It was because of a certain fodder. Same thing in the raid. Strawhats were fighting pretty much evenly until the other crew members of the yonko showed up and started bothering them. Jack and Inuarashi, Jinbe vs Who Who. Only started to shift the tide after tamas whole play. And i dont think vivi is weaker than any of them.

But now the argument against this stance, Since the strawhat is such a tight knit group pretty much all of them have to perform on a certain level like shanks group.
So far my argument seems less plausible here. Since,
1.Oda has been trying to power up the straw hats. The Timeskip
2.Even though their sentiment is what I claimed it doesn’t matter since the first point still stands. I think vivi is stronger than normal characters in One Piece but as a standard of the straw hats she isn’t strong.
And you also bring up a good point she will die if she joins. Lets be real if oda wanted to kill someone I think we had like dozens of opportunities to kill them. I mean look at usopp he got his skull bashed in and still running like champ. Do you think Nami got really durable after the timeskip that she now can withstand attacks from a Ancient Zoan Fruit User .But I guess thats just my logic speaking and really does not have any basis of proof since there were no direct comment oda said.
But lets back up a bit where this all started.
My first statement was "I was waiting for Vivi to join back" I think I added something to show that I am not sure that will happen. Which kinda says why I am unsure she will join back. By that I mean I am 100% sure that vivi will join back but I believe she will be a temporary crewmate just like always. Unless they decide to erase alabasta from the face of the earth.
So even if she joins back its not gonna be a official level more like an honorary level like she is now. Now another basic level conflict of her not joining would be, she really does not have a dream like all the other straw hats. And thats a legit argument. And what should she be. Which is why I think it would be temporary thing. If she needs a power up she can get a DF. Currently i think kumas fruit is up for grabs since she is either on the run or captured by the World Government. 

Closing arguments, After writing all of this i kinda figured out that i dont even believe what i claimed when i said fan would expect. I didnt have any malacious intent as you wrote. What i meant was it is expected of them to want all of them to perform on a certain level. I dont think this expectation is bad....and now after this many words i kinda found out that this all stupid and just keeping this saved in a text file just in case.
